# Mobile App Project

Update: I haven't managed to get the app deployed on the web as the JWT verification is specific for mobile applications, so very few of the endpoints will actually provide meaningful data. It is therefore best to view / update this project with expo go (detailed below) on a mobile device. 

This project is a React Native mobile application developed using Expo. It serves as an experimental project aimed at exploring mobile app development with React Native, comparing it to React web development, refreshing React skills, and implementing JWT verification for user authentication.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before running the app, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js (v14.x or higher)
- npm (v6.x or higher)
- Expo Go app (available on [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/expo-go/id982107779) and [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&hl=en&gl=US))

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ww1659/boxL.git
```
2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd project-directory
```

3. Install dependencies:
   
```bash
npm install
```

###  Running the App

To run the app locally, you can use the Expo CLI:

```bash
expo start
```

This will start the Expo development server.

Open Expo Go app on your mobile device.

Scan the QR code generated by Expo development server.

Once scanned, Expo Go will load the app on your device.

### Dependencies

    @expo/webpack-config
    @react-native-community/datetimepicker
    @react-navigation/bottom-tabs
    @react-navigation/native
    @react-navigation/native-stack
    axios
    expo
    expo-checkbox
    expo-secure-store
    expo-status-bar
    lodash
    react
    react-dom
    react-native
    react-native-dropdown-picker
    react-native-paper
    react-native-safe-area-context
    react-native-screens
    react-native-vector-icons
    react-native-web
    react-native-reanimated

Cheers!
